this is Bruce holding with CTE outdoor
power and Christmas times coming up one
of our best sellers at Christmas is
go-karts we stock three different models
of the Hammerhead off-road line of
go-kart this is the middle model this is
what we call the mud head unlike when I
was growing up butt heads have
suspension all the way around makes for
a very comfortable ride they're equipped
with a overhead valve six and a half
horsepower engine it comes with a
three-year warranty
it has hydraulic yes prep and it has
lights and a horn
it has twin bucket seats and the driver
seat is adjustable forward and back
thank you we have the brush guard here
and also each seat is equipped with a
3.8 steam Arnaz
this is the Hammerhead bud head
available in three different colors red
blue and orange and this model here
starts at $14.99 and we do layaway for
Christmas and will actually hold them
and store them here until Christmas Eve
come see us
CTE outdoor power Montgomery Alabama for
details on financing go to CTE outdoor
power com just call click or come by CTE
outdoor power 85 at Perry Hill Road
Montgomery